## Stackoverflow

### [SOLVED] Laravel Error 419 after logout
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57094725/laravel-5-8-showing-419-page-expired-after-clicking-logout-from-an-already-cle/57095026

### [SOLVED] Laravel Exception error
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60670862/laravel-error-declaration-of-app-exceptions-handlerreportthrowable-exception

### [SOLVED] Laravel Update spesific package via Composer
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24175861/composer-laravel-how-to-add-update-a-specific-package

### [SOLVED] Laravel Group By 1055 error
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40917189/laravel-syntax-error-or-access-violation-1055-error

### [SOLVED] Laravel Calculate total size of directory
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33507923/laravel-calculate-total-size-of-directory

### [SOLVED] Laravel Add schedule to own package
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35834681/laravel-5-package-scheduled-tasks

### [SOLVED] Laravel Add data when migrating
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12736120/populating-a-database-in-a-laravel-migration-file

### [SOLVED] PHP Convert time elapsed string
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1416697/converting-timestamp-to-time-ago-in-php-e-g-1-day-ago-2-days-ago

### [SOLVED] PHP Array push not working within function
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20169327/array-push-not-working-within-function-php

### [SOLVED] CSS Image color to white
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24224112/css-filter-make-color-image-with-transparency-white


## Plesk

### [SOLVED] Plesk 502 Bad Gateway: upstream sent too big header while reading response header
https://support.plesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/214028909-Websites-hosted-on-Plesk-server-are-unavailable-with-502-Bad-Gateway-upstream-sent-too-big-header-while-reading-response-header

### [SOLVED] Plesk Remove DB and Log backup files
https://support.plesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/115002557954--How-to-remove-Plesk-backup-files-and-their-logs


## Github

### Laravel Share to social media
https://github.com/jorenvh/laravel-share


## Laravel Tricks

### Laravel Change file .env dynamically
https://laravel-tricks.com/tricks/change-the-env-dynamically


## Laracasts

### Laravel Storage move error
https://laracasts.com/discuss/channels/laravel/storagemove-giving-file-not-found-at-path


## Codepen

### QUILL Image resizable
https://codepen.io/knekk/pen/odwELZ


## Others

### [SOLVED] Laravel Folder "vendor" is missing after git clone
https://bobcares.com/blog/laravel-vendor-folder-missing/

### [SOLVED] Laravel DataTable server side
https://belajarphp.net/tutorial-datatable-serverside-laravel/

### [SOLVED] HTACCESS Redirect to maintenance
https://perishablepress.com/htaccess-redirect-maintenance-page-site-updates/

### [SOLVED] PHP, AJAX, HTML5 Progress bar upload file
https://blog.rosihanari.net/membuat-progress-bar-upload-file-dengan-php-ajax-dan-html5/

### Laravel Bulk import
https://daengweb.id/membuat-fitur-bulk-import-laravel-excel-31

### PHP Run command
https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.shell-exec.php

### WEBSITE Stress test
https://www.webhostingsecretrevealed.net/id/blog/web-tools/load-testing-tools/
